README.md, before:

# Docker Registry Helm Chart

This directory contains a Kubernetes chart to deploy a private Docker Registry.

## Prerequisites Details

* PV support on underlying infrastructure (if persistence is required)

## Chart Details

This chart will do the following:

* Implement a Docker registry deployment

## Installing the Chart

First, add the repo:

```console
helm repo add twuni https://twuni.github.io/docker-registry.helm
```

To install the chart, use the following:

```console
helm install twuni/docker-registry
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the docker-registry chart and
their default values.

| Parameter                   | Description                                                                                | Default         |
|:----------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------|
| `image.pullPolicy`          | Container pull policy                                                                      | `IfNotPresent`  |
| `image.repository`          | Container image to use                                                                     | `registry`      |
| `image.tag`                 | Container image tag to deploy                                                              | `2.8.1`         |
| `imagePullSecrets`          | Specify image pull secrets                                                                 | `nil` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods) |
| `persistence.accessMode`    | Access mode to use for PVC                                                                 | `ReadWriteOnce` |
| `persistence.enabled`       | Whether to use a PVC for the Docker storage                                                | `false`         |
| `persistence.deleteEnabled` | Enable the deletion of image blobs and manifests by digest                                 | `nil`           |
| `persistence.size`          | Amount of space to claim for PVC                                                           | `10Gi`          |
| `persistence.storageClass`  | Storage Class to use for PVC                                                               | `-`             |
| `persistence.existingClaim` | Name of an existing PVC to use for config                                                  | `nil`           |
| `serviceAccount.create`     | Create ServiceAccount                                                                      | `false`         |
| `serviceAccount.name`       | ServiceAccount name                                                                        | `nil`           |
| `serviceAccount.annotations` | Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount                                                  | `{}`            |
| `deployment.annotations`    | Annotations to add to the Deployment                                                       | `{}`            |
| `service.port`              | TCP port on which the service is exposed                                                   | `5000`          |
| `service.type`              | service type                                                                               | `ClusterIP`     |
| `service.clusterIP`         | if `service.type` is `ClusterIP` and this is non-empty, sets the cluster IP of the service | `nil`           |
| `service.nodePort`          | if `service.type` is `NodePort` and this is non-empty, sets the node port of the service   | `nil`           |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`     | if `service.type` is `LoadBalancer` and this is non-empty, sets the loadBalancerIP of the service | `nil`          |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges`| if `service.type` is `LoadBalancer` and this is non-empty, sets the loadBalancerSourceRanges of the service | `nil`           |
| `service.sessionAffinity`       | service session affinity                                                               | `nil`           |
| `service.sessionAffinityConfig` | service session affinity config                                                        | `nil`           |
| `replicaCount`              | k8s replicas                                                                               | `1`             |
| `updateStrategy`            | update strategy for deployment                                                             | `{}`            |
| `podAnnotations`            | Annotations for deployment pod, and `garbageCollect` pod unless set explicitly there. See `garbageCollect` | `{}` |
| `podLabels`                 | Labels for deployment pod, and `garbageCollect` pod unless set explicitly there. See `garbageCollect` | `{}` |
| `podDisruptionBudget`       | Pod disruption budget                                                                      | `{}`            |
| `resources.limits.cpu`      | Container requested CPU                                                                    | `nil`           |
| `resources.limits.memory`   | Container requested memory                                                                 | `nil`           |
| `autoscaling.enabled`       | Enable autoscaling using HorizontalPodAutoscaler                                           | `false`         |
| `autoscaling.minReplicas`   | Minimal number of replicas                                                                 | `1`             |
| `autoscaling.maxReplicas`   | Maximal number of replicas                                                                 | `2`             |
| `autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage` | Target average utilization of CPU on Pods                                 | `60`            |
| `autoscaling.targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage` | (Kubernetes ≥1.23) Target average utilization of Memory on Pods        | `60`            |
| `autoscaling.behavior`      | (Kubernetes ≥1.23) Configurable scaling behavior                                           | `{}`            |
| `priorityClassName      `   | priorityClassName                                                                          | `""`            |
| `storage`                   | Storage system to use                                                                      | `filesystem`    |
| `tlsSecretName`             | Name of secret for TLS certs                                                               | `nil`           |
| `secrets.htpasswd`          | Htpasswd authentication                                                                    | `nil`           |
| `secrets.s3.accessKey`      | Access Key for S3 configuration                                                            | `nil`           |
| `secrets.s3.secretKey`      | Secret Key for S3 configuration                                                            | `nil`           |
| `secrets.s3.secretRef`      | The ref for an external secret containing the s3AccessKey and s3SecretKey keys                 | `""`            |
| `secrets.swift.username`    | Username for Swift configuration                                                           | `nil`           |
| `secrets.swift.password`    | Password for Swift configuration                                                           | `nil`           |
| `secrets.haSharedSecret`    | Shared secret for Registry                                                                 | `nil`           |
| `configData`                | Configuration hash for docker                                                              | `nil`           |
| `configPath` | Configuration mount point in docker, `/etc/docker/registry` for registry version 2, `/etc/distribution` for version 3 | `/etc/docker/registry` |
| `s3.region`                 | S3 region                                                                                  | `nil`           |
| `s3.regionEndpoint`         | S3 region endpoint                                                                         | `nil`           |
| `s3.bucket`                 | S3 bucket name                                                                             | `nil`           |
| `s3.rootdirectory`          | S3 prefix that is applied to allow you to segment data                                     | `nil`           |
| `s3.encrypt`                | Store images in encrypted format                                                           | `nil`           |
| `s3.secure`                 | Use HTTPS                                                                                  | `nil`           |
| `s3.forcepathstyle`         | Use path-style addressing, needed for some s3 compatible storage (minio)                   | `nil`           |
| `s3.skipverify`             | Allows connection to s3 storage using TLS with untrusted/self-signed certificate           | `nil`           |
| `swift.authurl`             | Swift authurl                                                                              | `nil`           |
| `swift.container`           | Swift container                                                                            | `nil`           |
| `proxy.enabled`             | If true, registry will function as a proxy/mirror                                          | `false`         |
| `proxy.remoteurl`           | Remote registry URL to proxy requests to                                                   | `https://registry-1.docker.io`            |
| `proxy.username`            | Remote registry login username                                                             | `nil`           |
| `proxy.password`            | Remote registry login password                                                             | `nil`           |
| `proxy.secretRef`           | The ref for an external secret containing the proxyUsername and proxyPassword keys         | `""`            |
| `namespace`                 | specify a namespace to install the chart to - defaults to `.Release.Namespace`             | `{{ .Release.Namespace }}` |
| `nodeSelector`              | node labels for pod assignment                                                             | `{}`            |
| `affinity`                  | affinity settings                                                                          | `{}`            |
| `tolerations`               | pod tolerations                                                                            | `[]`            |
| `ingress.enabled`           | If true, Ingress will be created                                                           | `false`         |
| `ingress.annotations`       | Ingress annotations                                                                        | `{}`            |
| `ingress.labels`            | Ingress labels                                                                             | `{}`            |
| `ingress.path`              | Ingress service path                                                                       | `/`             |
| `ingress.hosts`             | Ingress hostnames                                                                          | `[]`            |
| `ingress.tls`               | Ingress TLS configuration (YAML)                                                           | `[]`            |
| `ingress.className`         | Ingress controller class name                                                              | `nginx`         |
| `metrics.enabled`           | Enable metrics on Service                                                                  | `false`         |
| `metrics.port`              | TCP port on which the service metrics is exposed                                           | `5001`          |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.annotations` | Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor annotations                                    | `{}`            |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.enable` | If true, Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor will be created                            | `false`         |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.labels` | Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor labels                                              | `{}`            |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.annotations` | Prometheus Operator PrometheusRule annotations                                    | `{}`            |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.enable` | If true, Prometheus Operator prometheusRule will be created                            | `false`         |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.labels` | Prometheus Operator prometheusRule labels                                              | `{}`            |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.rules` | PrometheusRule defining alerting rules for a Prometheus instance                        | `{}`            |
| `extraVolumeMounts`         | Additional volumeMounts to the registry container                                          | `[]`            |
| `extraVolumes`              | Additional volumes to the pod                                                              | `[]`            |
| `extraEnvVars`              | Additional environment variables to the pod                                                | `[]`            |
| `initContainers`            | Init containers to be created in the pod                                                   | `[]`            |
| `garbageCollect.enabled`    | If true, will deploy garbage-collector cronjob                                             | `false`         |
| `garbageCollect.deleteUntagged` | If true, garbage-collector will delete manifests that are not currently referenced via tag | `true`      |
| `garbageCollect.schedule`   | CronTab schedule, please use standard crontab format                                       | `0 1 * * *`     |
| `garbageCollect.podAnnotations` | CronJob pod Annotations. If left empty and chart `podAnnotations` are set, will use those. If both are set, these take precedence for the `garbageCollect` pods. | `{}` |
| `garbageCollect.podLabels`  | CronJob pod Annotations. If left empty and chart `podLabels` are set, will use those. If both are set, these take precedence for the `garbageCollect` pods. | `{}` |
| `garbageCollect.resources`  | garbage-collector requested resources                                                      | `{}`            |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to
`helm install`.

To generate htpasswd file, run this docker command:
`docker run --entrypoint htpasswd httpd:2 -Bbn user password > ./htpasswd`.

Commit message:

Add repo migration and deprecation notice to README
This is a follow-up to the previous commit updating the repo URL.

In this commit, I have added a notice to the README intended for those experiencing chart install/update issues which will result from the eventual decommissioning of the old repo.

The goal of the notice is to provide an easy and convenient migration path to using the GitHub Pages repo currently in use as the primary distribution channel for this chart.

README.md, after:

# Docker Registry Helm Chart

This directory contains a Kubernetes chart to deploy a private Docker Registry.

## Prerequisites Details

* PV support on underlying infrastructure (if persistence is required)

## Chart Details

This chart will do the following:

* Implement a Docker registry deployment

## ⚠️ Repo Migration and Deprecation Notice

The following change only affects attempts to install or update the chart via the https://helm.twun.io repo.

The https://helm.twun.io repo has been migrated to https://twuni.github.io/docker-registry.helm.

To update your configuration, remove and re-add the repo with the new URL:

```console
helm repo remove twuni
helm repo add twuni https://twuni.github.io/docker-registry.helm
```

The deprecated repo URL, https://helm.twun.io, may become unavailable as early as **October 16, 2025**.

## Installing the Chart

First, add the repo:

```console
helm repo add twuni https://twuni.github.io/docker-registry.helm
```

To install the chart, use the following:

```console
helm install twuni/docker-registry
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the docker-registry chart and
their default values.

| Parameter                   | Description                                                                                | Default         |
|:----------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------|
| `image.pullPolicy`          | Container pull policy                                                                      | `IfNotPresent`  |
| `image.repository`          | Container image to use                                                                     | `registry`      |
| `image.tag`                 | Container image tag to deploy                                                              | `2.8.1`         |
| `imagePullSecrets`          | Specify image pull secrets                                                                 | `nil` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods) |
| `persistence.accessMode`    | Access mode to use for PVC                                                                 | `ReadWriteOnce` |
| `persistence.enabled`       | Whether to use a PVC for the Docker storage                                                | `false`         |
| `persistence.deleteEnabled` | Enable the deletion of image blobs and manifests by digest                                 | `nil`           |
| `persistence.size`          | Amount of space to claim for PVC                                                           | `10Gi`          |
| `persistence.storageClass`  | Storage Class to use for PVC                                                               | `-`             |
| `persistence.existingClaim` | Name of an existing PVC to use for config                                                  | `nil`           |
| `serviceAccount.create`     | Create ServiceAccount                                                                      | `false`         |
| `serviceAccount.name`       | ServiceAccount name                                                                        | `nil`           |
| `serviceAccount.annotations` | Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount                                                  | `{}`            |
| `deployment.annotations`    | Annotations to add to the Deployment                                                       | `{}`            |
| `service.port`              | TCP port on which the service is exposed                                                   | `5000`          |
| `service.type`              | service type                                                                               | `ClusterIP`     |
| `service.clusterIP`         | if `service.type` is `ClusterIP` and this is non-empty, sets the cluster IP of the service | `nil`           |
| `service.nodePort`          | if `service.type` is `NodePort` and this is non-empty, sets the node port of the service   | `nil`           |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`     | if `service.type` is `LoadBalancer` and this is non-empty, sets the loadBalancerIP of the service | `nil`          |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges`| if `service.type` is `LoadBalancer` and this is non-empty, sets the loadBalancerSourceRanges of the service | `nil`           |
| `service.sessionAffinity`       | service session affinity                                                               | `nil`           |
| `service.sessionAffinityConfig` | service session affinity config                                                        | `nil`           |
| `replicaCount`              | k8s replicas                                                                               | `1`             |
| `updateStrategy`            | update strategy for deployment                                                             | `{}`            |
| `podAnnotations`            | Annotations for deployment pod, and `garbageCollect` pod unless set explicitly there. See `garbageCollect` | `{}` |
| `podLabels`                 | Labels for deployment pod, and `garbageCollect` pod unless set explicitly there. See `garbageCollect` | `{}` |
| `podDisruptionBudget`       | Pod disruption budget                                                                      | `{}`            |
| `resources.limits.cpu`      | Container requested CPU                                                                    | `nil`           |
| `resources.limits.memory`   | Container requested memory                                                                 | `nil`           |
| `autoscaling.enabled`       | Enable autoscaling using HorizontalPodAutoscaler                                           | `false`         |
| `autoscaling.minReplicas`   | Minimal number of replicas                                                                 | `1`             |
| `autoscaling.maxReplicas`   | Maximal number of replicas                                                                 | `2`             |
| `autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage` | Target average utilization of CPU on Pods                                 | `60`            |
| `autoscaling.targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage` | (Kubernetes ≥1.23) Target average utilization of Memory on Pods        | `60`            |
| `autoscaling.behavior`      | (Kubernetes ≥1.23) Configurable scaling behavior                                           | `{}`            |
| `priorityClassName      `   | priorityClassName                                                                          | `""`            |
| `storage`                   | Storage system to use                                                                      | `filesystem`    |
| `tlsSecretName`             | Name of secret for TLS certs                                                               | `nil`           |
| `secrets.htpasswd`          | Htpasswd authentication                                                                    | `nil`           |
| `secrets.s3.accessKey`      | Access Key for S3 configuration                                                            | `nil`           |
| `secrets.s3.secretKey`      | Secret Key for S3 configuration                                                            | `nil`           |
| `secrets.s3.secretRef`      | The ref for an external secret containing the s3AccessKey and s3SecretKey keys                 | `""`            |
| `secrets.swift.username`    | Username for Swift configuration                                                           | `nil`           |
| `secrets.swift.password`    | Password for Swift configuration                                                           | `nil`           |
| `secrets.haSharedSecret`    | Shared secret for Registry                                                                 | `nil`           |
| `configData`                | Configuration hash for docker                                                              | `nil`           |
| `configPath` | Configuration mount point in docker, `/etc/docker/registry` for registry version 2, `/etc/distribution` for version 3 | `/etc/docker/registry` |
| `s3.region`                 | S3 region                                                                                  | `nil`           |
| `s3.regionEndpoint`         | S3 region endpoint                                                                         | `nil`           |
| `s3.bucket`                 | S3 bucket name                                                                             | `nil`           |
| `s3.rootdirectory`          | S3 prefix that is applied to allow you to segment data                                     | `nil`           |
| `s3.encrypt`                | Store images in encrypted format                                                           | `nil`           |
| `s3.secure`                 | Use HTTPS                                                                                  | `nil`           |
| `s3.forcepathstyle`         | Use path-style addressing, needed for some s3 compatible storage (minio)                   | `nil`           |
| `s3.skipverify`             | Allows connection to s3 storage using TLS with untrusted/self-signed certificate           | `nil`           |
| `swift.authurl`             | Swift authurl                                                                              | `nil`           |
| `swift.container`           | Swift container                                                                            | `nil`           |
| `proxy.enabled`             | If true, registry will function as a proxy/mirror                                          | `false`         |
| `proxy.remoteurl`           | Remote registry URL to proxy requests to                                                   | `https://registry-1.docker.io`            |
| `proxy.username`            | Remote registry login username                                                             | `nil`           |
| `proxy.password`            | Remote registry login password                                                             | `nil`           |
| `proxy.secretRef`           | The ref for an external secret containing the proxyUsername and proxyPassword keys         | `""`            |
| `namespace`                 | specify a namespace to install the chart to - defaults to `.Release.Namespace`             | `{{ .Release.Namespace }}` |
| `nodeSelector`              | node labels for pod assignment                                                             | `{}`            |
| `affinity`                  | affinity settings                                                                          | `{}`            |
| `tolerations`               | pod tolerations                                                                            | `[]`            |
| `ingress.enabled`           | If true, Ingress will be created                                                           | `false`         |
| `ingress.annotations`       | Ingress annotations                                                                        | `{}`            |
| `ingress.labels`            | Ingress labels                                                                             | `{}`            |
| `ingress.path`              | Ingress service path                                                                       | `/`             |
| `ingress.hosts`             | Ingress hostnames                                                                          | `[]`            |
| `ingress.tls`               | Ingress TLS configuration (YAML)                                                           | `[]`            |
| `ingress.className`         | Ingress controller class name                                                              | `nginx`         |
| `metrics.enabled`           | Enable metrics on Service                                                                  | `false`         |
| `metrics.port`              | TCP port on which the service metrics is exposed                                           | `5001`          |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.annotations` | Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor annotations                                    | `{}`            |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.enable` | If true, Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor will be created                            | `false`         |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.labels` | Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor labels                                              | `{}`            |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.annotations` | Prometheus Operator PrometheusRule annotations                                    | `{}`            |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.enable` | If true, Prometheus Operator prometheusRule will be created                            | `false`         |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.labels` | Prometheus Operator prometheusRule labels                                              | `{}`            |
| `metrics.prometheusRule.rules` | PrometheusRule defining alerting rules for a Prometheus instance                        | `{}`            |
| `extraVolumeMounts`         | Additional volumeMounts to the registry container                                          | `[]`            |
| `extraVolumes`              | Additional volumes to the pod                                                              | `[]`            |
| `extraEnvVars`              | Additional environment variables to the pod                                                | `[]`            |
| `initContainers`            | Init containers to be created in the pod                                                   | `[]`            |
| `garbageCollect.enabled`    | If true, will deploy garbage-collector cronjob                                             | `false`         |
| `garbageCollect.deleteUntagged` | If true, garbage-collector will delete manifests that are not currently referenced via tag | `true`      |
| `garbageCollect.schedule`   | CronTab schedule, please use standard crontab format                                       | `0 1 * * *`     |
| `garbageCollect.podAnnotations` | CronJob pod Annotations. If left empty and chart `podAnnotations` are set, will use those. If both are set, these take precedence for the `garbageCollect` pods. | `{}` |
| `garbageCollect.podLabels`  | CronJob pod Annotations. If left empty and chart `podLabels` are set, will use those. If both are set, these take precedence for the `garbageCollect` pods. | `{}` |
| `garbageCollect.resources`  | garbage-collector requested resources                                                      | `{}`            |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to
`helm install`.

To generate htpasswd file, run this docker command:
`docker run --entrypoint htpasswd httpd:2 -Bbn user password > ./htpasswd`.
